In this project, the problem that we are trying to solve is to enable the average sports fan to be up-to-date with the composition 
of any sports league. This is because in sports, there are constantly moving variables within different associations and teams, making 
it difficult for the average sports fan to recognize. Not only that, but players and coaches are constantly being moved around different 
teams and leagues, making people feel confused and not up-to-date on their knowledge of sports. Lastly, a big part of sports involve the trade 
market, which is fast-paced because of players being dropped and picked up as free agents. 


In order to solve the problem of the fast-paced nature of sports, we decided to create a simple sports database where people can learn about all 
facets of sports associations. Rather than having to manually search up facts about players, coaches, and teams, this database will have all the key 
statistics of a team or players such as the conference they play in, wins and losses, and even the amount of years a player has been playing. In addition, 
in order to combat the issue of big data, we are condensing our data into sports associations rather than the type of sport. This is because it is less effective 
to track players, teams, and coaches based on the type of sport they play rather than tracking the specific sports league they are in.


The typical user that would use our database ranges across the spectrum. For instance, a user with no knowledge in sports can use our database to 
look at the different types of teams in a sports league. Not only that, but a user who is somewhat engaged in sports can use our database to fill in
missing knowledge of players, coaches, and teams. Our users can even be experts and fanatics of sports, searching up specific statistics in order to
stay up-to-date. Overall, there is no specific user we are targeting. From amaetur to extreme ones, our sports fans can utilize our database for whatever reason.


 For our two domain objects, we have decided to create a team and trade market table. In this, one can see the name of the team, which conference it 
 plays in, their wins and losses, and the players in it. In addition, one can see the trade market's open and close date along with the players within 
 an association.
